README.md, before:

# JPMN Manager

JPMN Manager is a simple Anki add-on that provides a user interface for installing and updating
[jp-mining-note](https://github.com/Aquafina-water-bottle/jp-mining-note/).

> **Note**: If you are familiar with basic command line,
> it is recommended to use the
> [python scripts](https://github.com/Aquafina-water-bottle/jp-mining-note/tree/master/tools)
> directly instead of using this add-on.

## Download

> **Warning**:
>
> CURRENTLY WIP. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS ADDON UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING.

There are two versions of JPMN Manager you can download.

1. Stable releases only: `TODO`

    This is the standard version, and the recommended version if you don't know what version to use.

1. With prereleases: `1732829476` ([AnkiWeb link](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1732829476))

    This is the version you want to use if you want to test releases before its
    official stable release, and have the latest features possible.
    However, **expect more bugs**.

    If you are looking to help out with jp-mining-note,
    I recommend using this version, and
    [reporting any issues you find](https://aquafina-water-bottle.github.io/jp-mining-note/faq/#contact-info).
    Any and all help is greatly appreciated!


To download JPMN Manager:

* Within Anki, navigate to `Tools` →  `Add-ons` →  `Get Add-ons...`
* Copy and paste the desired add-on code into the window.

    ![image](./img/addons_install.png)



## What this add-on does NOT do
The scope of this add-on is very small, so many features are not supported.

* This add-on does NOT (and will never) automatically update your note when there are new updates.
    You will have to manually navigate to "Update jp-mining-note" to update your note.
* This add-on does NOT notify the user when there are new updates.
* You CANNOT build the note with the add-on, because
    building the note requires various external dependencies that does not come
    with Anki.

Commit message:

docs: note on not having both installed

README.md, after:

# JPMN Manager

JPMN Manager is a simple Anki add-on that provides a user interface for installing and updating
[jp-mining-note](https://github.com/Aquafina-water-bottle/jp-mining-note/).

> **Note**: If you are familiar with basic command line,
> it is recommended to use the
> [python scripts](https://github.com/Aquafina-water-bottle/jp-mining-note/tree/master/tools)
> directly instead of using this add-on.

## Download

> **Warning**:
>
> CURRENTLY WIP. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS ADDON UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING.

There are two versions of JPMN Manager you can download.

1. Stable releases only: `TODO`

    This is the standard version, and the recommended version if you don't know what version to use.

1. With prereleases: `1732829476` ([AnkiWeb link](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1732829476))

    This is the version you want to use if you want to test releases before its
    official stable release, and have the latest features possible.
    However, **expect more bugs**.

    If you are looking to help out with jp-mining-note,
    I recommend using this version, and
    [reporting any issues you find](https://aquafina-water-bottle.github.io/jp-mining-note/faq/#contact-info).
    Any and all help is greatly appreciated!


You should not have both versions installed at the same time.
If you want to switch between JPMN Manager versions, simply uninstall (or disable) the
undesired version, and install the desired version.


To download JPMN Manager:

* Within Anki, navigate to `Tools` →  `Add-ons` →  `Get Add-ons...`
* Copy and paste the desired add-on code into the window.

    ![image](./img/addons_install.png)



## What this add-on does NOT do
The scope of this add-on is very small, so many features are not supported.

* This add-on does NOT (and will never) automatically update your note when there are new updates.
    You will have to manually navigate to "Update jp-mining-note" to update your note.
* This add-on does NOT notify the user when there are new updates.
* You CANNOT build the note with the add-on, because
    building the note requires various external dependencies that does not come
    with Anki.
